I had it I'm in super good
company tonight I present to you here who's
with me tonight well first of all
Trium I don't know if many
introductions are necessary we have already done some
things with him Triun is a friend of mine and
then we met in person and you
have to thank him seventy
eighty percent that this live
is possible because he has done an
impeccable job they have his channel that I'm going to
recommend to you there he says it is a
slightly complicated name you
could have called yourself José I'm telling you it hasn't
complicated you let's
see a little if you had called yourself José
and my people will find you a little
easier but okay man in change
because I would love to know the reason for the
name
then I'll tell you if you want it has
mystery it has mystery behind
it everyone
knows it and I was doing a
Marta del Castillo special with him and it was
an incredible job and I hope Triun that
tonight there will also be a live show
that doesn't go unnoticed because hey
last time we were trending all
week
then with us is also a
very important person in this case former
homicide police officer Oscar Tarruela
great night and nice to meet you
no  I met you a little while ago
Good evening, a pleasure. Through Javi, he
told me that it was good
that he was happy to be with you and if
Javier, there is if José tells me that Javi is
a person of absolute trust, well for
me you are too, well, I thank him, I
thank you Oscar, also Well, he
is a person very involved in the case that we are
going to talk about today because he has
followed it very closely and it was
essential and to speak well and
properly about this subject that you were
here in Oscar,
the truth is that I thank you. And let's see
José Because it's not just with this case, José
is always involved with all the cases and
with the families and that's why he has
always empathized since the first day we
met because
for me the true victims are not
those who leave, they are those who stay
here devastated, their families are the
true victims in reality. That's why I
always say that I look out for the memory
of those who leave, but I look out for the true
victims, which are those who stay behind. Yes, the
truth is that yes, in fact. Well, I don't know if
Oscar wants to explain a little about the
involvement and the relationship that you have
with the
case.  Biondo initially
Well it's been many years since I
found out about the case
obviously I found out like any other
citizen no and even in my book
I put it I didn't put that I
consider it very important how the
whole country found out because
we all found out in a
somewhat
sordid way not that if a boy
hanged himself like David Carradine that if it was
an erotic game that if he was a
cokehead boy [ __ ] in the end that is what
penetrated the public opinion and that's
how I expose it in my book because I
consider that that is what we do as
homicide agents sometimes it is starting
from scratch
you don't know someone's life and you
start from scratch you start to get to know the
person who died how they were what they did who they
hung out with how they felt what
their personality was and from there you extend it
to their entire circle family friends
acquaintances whatever then really
For me it was very
Well I was on
leave from the police but it
was always a case that caught my
attention and years later when I
started doing judicial expert reports
a great friend and colleague of mine
and besides me from my same
class of the same seniority who is
Luis Duque great criminology and
professor at the University of Barcelona I
remember that he had made a report in
which
well they finally forced
the
coroner of the first autopsy of this
case to sit in the dock so one day talking I told him
Well that it seemed like an amazing case
and that and he himself told me Oscar I
would love and I think the family would too
know your opinion on the case I have
done it from a purely
criminology approach and although we both had
the same training and each one over the
years specialized in different subjects
my thing is more
purely criminal investigation and criminal profiling
and although I can study the phenomena
in criminology and cadaveric and he
well is very the specialty so that
your followers understand it would be a bit of
scientific police csi what is
conventionally understood as
criminology
And that was how it was like that he contacted me with the
family and from there
well I studied the case and years later I
ended up becoming one of the
fundamental judicial experts in the
case because here  in Spain that file
with astonishing speed to the point that it
would take a month and a half things like that until the
free and definitive dismissal something
that never happens in our country and that
well when I began to receive all the
information from the family I saw that
clearly that it is a case
with great obscurity with great
concealments and well And as
the years have gone by it has gotten
worse not what we
are talking about
that in fact it was the report that was
the one that determined well it was the one that was
provided as that Mario had died
lying down with pressure on his face that they
died in a different position than the one that was
later presented to him that which was
carried out by what was provided No
in fact Luis Duque what he did was cast
doubt on the work
of the Spanish forensic scientist to such an extent that he was
taken to court for
document forgery penalty for me for
me not for the work of Luis which
for me was impeccable and that of and the
expert who did
the document forgery expertise
for me what failed here at the beginning
well first the Spanish justice is
clear but once the family
has to put themselves on their own what  it
failed for my taste she was a
lawyer because Even the coroner himself
when he sits him in the dock he
himself recognizes that in any case what he did
could not be a
document falsification but rather malpractice
touch your balls he himself
says this that was official Oscar yes yes In other words,
this gentleman is denounced
by the family these
reports are provided and he says things as serious as
these and much more such as for example
recognizing that he never opened the
skull when he said in the report that he did
open it he never examined the
contents of the stomach when in his
report he
certified that he did and of course we know this
thanks to a second autopsy in Italy
that although it also has many
irregularities at the very least
directly ridicules the
Spanish coroner because among other things they
found content in the gastric contents
well pieces well meat fragments in
the brain they found a
subdural hematoma of Great consideration so of
course
and nothing else occurs to this
forensic gentleman to call him that Spanish than to
say that he himself created that
computer program and that by default he puts
head without legal medical interest
empty stomach and according to him it is because the
program  that he himself created touch your
balls he says it's
by default then Javi by default
Imagine that when I was an instructor
in a homicide group I would have put
that by default I don't know, well
Marta del Castillo's shoes which is not
my case obviously I'm putting a
case Well it would have been an
accidental death because my computer program puts it by default
what a disaster it is that of
course we can talk about it
being a disaster but that is a
crime the penalty as I repeat is
that he was not prosecuted for the crime the
correct crime for me in my opinion and he
was not convicted By some Let's see it is not
incorrect to pursue him for
document falsification but it is very difficult to
prove it let me explain then what
I would have looked for is for
example for obstruction of justice
for malpractice and for other types of
crimes
but I believe that here what well what
failed is a bad legal direction
with a bad strategy and finally
This gentleman got away with it
but it was clear and
evident that he never
performed the matacasperk maneuver he did not
open the skull that no I mean really it
was a good Beyond  a disaster
because on top of that we are talking about the
same coroner who not only performed the
autopsy in the morgue but
this gentleman was the one who was at the
removal of the body at his
home
even so after after the issue of
even with all the irregularities of the
autopsy, for me it is even more serious
what he said that they told him the
judge does not see there but that it is a
suicide not something like that I do not know exactly
the exact words but that
when he goes to the removal he already has his
mind thinking that it is a suicide as if to
say Hey more or less that was what
my trial declared that It's good that he
went by order of the judge as if it
was a suicide that he should not complicate his
life too much, more or less what I
understand of what, what, what,
good for me that is throwing the ball
out of the field I mean it is very
simple to blame third parties, it
would be the same to me if a judge as the person
in charge of having been a
judicial police officer told me that well Oscar, see
as the responsible judicial police officer of your
group, see that it seems to me it is a
suicide Well look, your honor, to me  Let
your honor tell me in that regard,
being a professional
with all due respect,
I will make my report, I will carry out my
investigation based on what I see and
believe under my expertise and my experience,
which is not what they tell me it is, I
rather believe that
all of those statements he makes are lie
after lie, just like his report and so on.
Unfortunately, I consider that he was not
prosecuted for the crimes that should have been
prosecuted, which I
must admit that today they would not
be prescribed and they could be
prosecuted
today they would not be prescribed. Of
course, this gentleman was tried only for
document falsification, therefore,
when they play you, they play you for a
cause for a defined crime. In other words,
if they accuse you of
sexual assault, it does not mean that later they cannot
accuse you of fraud by the same person,
to give an example.